# Work_Day_Scheduler

This challenge showcases a scheduler that a busy individual can use to plan their work day. Starting from 8 am and finishing at 5 pm, the user can input tasks into the time slots and save the listed tasks in local storage with the blue save button on the right side of the input bars. This allows the user to exit the webpage and still be able to see their inputted tasks when reloading the webpage. The only way to get rid of tasks is for the user to manually delete them and resave with the blue save button in the corresponding time slot/input bar. At the top of the page, the date is displayed and the code utilizes jquery to always use the current date whenever the webpage is opened. Lastly, the bars are colour coated and through the use of jquery, they automatically change with the time to represent the past, present and future from whenever the webpage is opened. For example, if it is between 4:00pm and 4:59pm when the webpage is opened (attached example) the input bar for 4:00pm will show as red indicating the present, at 5:00pm, the input bar will be green indicating the future, and all inout bars prior to 4:00pm will be grey indicating the past. The code also utilizes bootstrap to make all the input bars responsive and easy to layout in correlation to the "jumbotron" display at the top of the page and all other additional html elements. Overall, this challenge was informative and clearly tested the abilities and uses of Web API's like bootstrap and jquery.

Thank you
